I have an apple. My cat is sitting on the table. The dog is running in the house. I am reading a book.
Can you pass me an orange? I need to go to the car. Our house has a big garden with many trees. I can't find my pen.
Let's sit under the tree. Can you turn on the computer? Please bring me a chair. Do we have any milk?
I left my phone at home. The school is just around the corner. Please pour me a glass of water.
I'm tired, I need to go to bed. Don't forget to recycle the plastic bottles. Can you close the window?
This chair is really comfortable. I need to buy a new shirt. My shoes are worn out.
Don't forget your hat, it's cold outside. Can you carry this bag for me? I need a new pencil for school.
My desk is always messy. Do you have the time? I like riding my bike. Let's take the bus to the city.
We are going on a train trip. Have you ever flown in a plane? Let's go to the beach this weekend.
Would you like some fish for dinner? My favorite animal is a horse. Look, there's a bird in the tree.
Do you want to milk the cow? The sheep are grazing in the field. The pig is rolling in the mud.
Be careful, there's a rabbit running across the road. The duck is swimming in the pond.
Elephants are the largest land animals. The lion is the king of the jungle.
Tigers are known for their beautiful stripes. Monkeys are very playful. Watch out for the snake in the grass.
Look at the colorful butterfly. The frog is jumping in the pond. Bees are important pollinators.
Ants work together in colonies. Spiders weave intricate webs. Bears hibernate during the winter.
Wolves howl at the moon. Foxes are clever animals. Squirrels like to collect nuts. Dolphins are intelligent creatures.
Whales are the largest mammals. Sharks are powerful predators. Octopuses have eight arms.
Jellyfish are found in the ocean. Look at the stars in the night sky. The moon is shining brightly.
The sun is a source of light and heat. The sky is blue on a clear day. Clouds are fluffy and white.
Don't forget your umbrella, it's raining. The snow is falling softly. The wind is blowing through the trees.
The fire is crackling in the fireplace. We should take care of the earth. The river flows gently downstream.
I love hiking in the mountains. Let's go swimming in the lake. The ocean is vast and mysterious.
We should visit an island someday. Look at the beautiful flowers in the garden. The grass is green and lush.
The tree provides shade on a hot day. Let's go for a walk in the forest. The desert is hot and dry.
The city is bustling with activity. I live in a small country. Let's spend the day at the beach.
There is a park nearby. We should visit the museum. I love going to the library.
Let's go to the zoo and see the animals. I enjoy watching plays at the theater.
Let's go to the cinema and watch a movie. The restaurant serves delicious food. Let's grab a coffee at the cafe.
We should book a room at the hotel. I need to buy groceries at the supermarket. Let's go shopping at the market.
Our flight leaves from the airport. We need to catch a train from the station. The bus stop is just across the street.
I go to school every day. I'm studying at the university. I need to go to the hospital.